Congratulations to your organization for having good management.:0
now blake's threes decide to drop lol it be like that sometimes:1
U will hate it shortly:2
[NAME] some of these post i read on this sub its just getting too ridiculous:3
You can't control what happens around you. You can only control how you react to it.:4
Stay strong [NAME]:5
Do you make a point of letting everyone know you don’t believe in [NAME] every time you see a religious reference? Or just this one?:6
And then thigh high socks in addition?:7
Yeah this is what im currently witnessing with my nephew and nieces. I wish i can do something about it.:8
4-25 against teams with winning records. 0-7 on Monday Night Football. The guy can't show up when it matters.:9
Well I will get to your disagreements. However you maybe the last FIFO worker that exists in Alberta, however, don't take it for granted. :10
you just use the word weird like that's all there is to it. weird isn't the issue. the issue is garbage:11
You have been banned from the mickey mouse clubhouse for inappropriate behavior:12
I FUCKING WIN:13
Well, since everything in Australia wants to kill you, I'd say it is quite healthy to be afraid of Australian spiders, and other flora and fauna :14
It was his time, even though I'm not complaining about how [NAME] should be avoided. thank you very much!:15
The lucky ones died quick:16
I am glad, and enjoy. It has some pretty cool theological discussions.:17
We were rumored to love [NAME] last year, so maybe we are interested in an athletic TE like that.:18
I am getting so nervous watching this:19
IT SEEMS THAT YOU ARE GOING TO APPROVE ME, I HOPE DO NOT PASS THE SAME AS WITH THE OTHER GIRL ... 😳:20
The intent is to provide the players with a sense of pride and accomplishment...:21
I understand this keeps many dairies afloat (source neighbourhood dairy guy, so not 100 per cent sure it’s accurate). :22
I knew it would be easy to trigger /r/movies peace out homies:23
I apologize for my error. I'm not currently up to date on my regional flip flop styles.:24
No, YOU’RE crying!!!!:25
oh man another year:26
This conspiracy theory that entertainment scandals break as distractions makes more sense to me every year:27
